Add pagination (#2)
wistefan/mintaka: README.md

<br>

Mintaka is an implementation of the [NGSI-LD](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_gs/CIM/001_099/009/01.04.01_60/gs_cim009v010401p.pdf) temporal retrieval
api. It relies on the [Orion-LD Context Broker](https://github.com/FIWARE/context.Orion-LD) to provide the underlying database.
The NGSI-LD specification is a living, changing document, and the latest Orion-LD beta release is nearly feature complete to the
1.3.1 ETSI specification. 

This project is part of [FIWARE](https://www.fiware.org/). For more information check the FIWARE Catalogue entry for
[Core Context](https://github.com/Fiware/catalogue/tree/master/core).

| :whale: [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/r/fiware/mintaka/) | :books: [Java Doc](https://fiware.github.io/mintaka/) | 
| ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
## Installation

### Preconditions

Mintaka should be viewed as a component of [Orion-LD](https://github.com/FIWARE/context.Orion-LD) and therefore has no 

> mechanism to for populating the database itself. It relies on a  [TimescaleDB](https://www.timescale.com/) installation(including the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mechanism for populating the database itself. It relies on a  [TimescaleDB](https://www.timescale.com/) installation(including the 
```

[Postgis](https://postgis.net/) extension), that is populated by Orion-LD. 
For installing Orion-LD, see the [Installation-guide](https://github.com/FIWARE/context.Orion-LD/blob/develop/doc/manuals-ld/installation-guide.md),
for Timescale we recommend the [Timescale-Postgis image](https://hub.docker.com/r/timescale/timescaledb-postgis/) for [Postgres 12](https://hub.docker.com/layers/timescale/timescaledb-postgis/latest-pg12/images/sha256-40be823de6035faa44d3e811f04f3f064868ee779ebb49b287e1c809ec786994?context=explore).
Working [docker-compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/) setups can be found at the [test-folder](src/test/resources/docker-compose).

### Run

Start mintaka via ```docker run  fiware/mintaka```.

### Configuration

We recommend to run mintaka with the provided [docker container](https://hub.docker.com/r/fiware/mintaka/).   
Since mintaka is built using the [Micronaut-Framework](https://micronaut.io/) all configurations can be provided either via configuration 

> file([application.yaml](src/main/resources/application.yml)) or as environment variables. For detailed information about the configuration mechanism,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file ([application.yaml](src/main/resources/application.yml)) or as environment variables. For detailed information about the configuration mechanism,
```

see the [framework documentation](https://docs.micronaut.io/2.1.3/guide/index.html#configurationProperties).

> The following table will concentrate on the important configurations for mintaka:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table concentrates on the most important configuration parameters for Mintaka:
```

| datasources.default.database | DATASOURCES_DEFAULT_DATABASE | Name of the default database, needs to coincide with orion-ld | orion |
| datasources.default.username | DATASOURCES_DEFAULT_USERNAME | Username to be used for db connections | orion | 
| datasources.default.password | DATASOURCES_DEFAULT_PASSWORD | Password to be used for db connections | orion | 
| loggers.levels.ROOT | LOGGERS_LEVELS_ROOT | Root log level of mintaka | ERROR |

### Operations 

Mintaka provides the [micronaut management api](https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#management). If not configured differently,
the health endpoint will be available at ```https://<MINTAKA_HOST>:9090/health``` and metrics at ```https://<MINTAKA_HOST>:9090/metrics```.
For all available options, please check the [framework documentation](https://docs.micronaut.io/latest/guide/index.html#management).

## API-Remarks

The API complies with the [NGSI-LD spec version 1.3.1](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_gs/CIM/001_099/009/01.03.01_60/gs_cim009v010301p.pdf).

### Pagination

The api supports two dimensions of pagination. 

The first one is similar to the normal query api and compliant with the 

> [NGSI-LD](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_gs/CIM/001_099/009/01.04.01_60/gs_cim009v010401p.pdf) spec(see 5.5.9):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[NGSI-LD](https://www.etsi.org/deliver/etsi_gs/CIM/001_099/009/01.04.01_60/gs_cim009v010401p.pdf) spec (see 5.5.9):
```

> * retrieval of entities will be automatically limited to a default pageSize(100) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* retrieval of entities is automatically limited to a default pageSize (100) 
```

Reviewer: Why future (will be)? - isn't present (is) better?  (for the entire bullet-list)

[ "will be" makes be believe it's a future thing, not yet implemented ]
